Hello, everybody. Well, thank you very much. Appreciate your being here. Just a statement before I talk about debates. I think that our country is right now in the most dangerous position it’s ever been in from an economic standpoint, from a safety standpoint. Both gangs on the street and frankly gangs outside of our country in the form of other countries that are frankly very powerful. They’re very powerful countries and we don’t know what we’re doing. We have leadership that has no clue how to handle them or how to handle any other situation. We have a lot of bad things coming up. You could end up in a depression of the 1929 variety, which would be a devastating thing. Took many years, took decades to recover from it, and we’re very close to that and we’re very close to a world war. In my opinion, we’re very close to a world war. We have people that don’t know how to handle it. They’re not respected. All over the world they’re laughed at and we can’t have that. Most dangerous period of time I’ve ever seen for our country.

(14:53)
With that being said, we have somebody that hasn’t received one vote for president and she’s running, and that’s fine with me, but we were given Joe Biden and now we’re given somebody else, and I think frankly, I’d rather be running against the somebody else, but that was their choice. They decided to do that because Kamala’s record is horrible. She’s a radical left person at a level that nobody’s seen. She picked a radical left man that is… He’s got things done that… He has positions that it’s not even possible to believe that they exist. He’s going for things that nobody’s ever even heard of. Heavy into the transgender world, heavy into lots of different worlds having to do with safety. He doesn’t want to have borders, he doesn’t want to have walls, he doesn’t want to have any form of safety for our country. He doesn’t mind people coming in from prisons and neither does she, I guess, because she couldn’t care less. She’s the Border Czar.

(16:03)
By the way, she was the Border Czar 100% and all of a sudden for the last few weeks, she’s not the Border Czar anymore, like nobody ever said it, and I just hope that the media becomes more diligent, more honest, frankly, because if they’re not going to be honest, it’s going to be much tougher to bring our country back. We have a very, very sick country right now. You saw the other day with the stock market crash. That was just the beginning. That was just the beginning. It’s going to get worse. It’s going to get a lot worse in my opinion, and fortunately, we’ve had some very good polls over the last fairly short period of time. Rasmussen came out today, we’re substantially leading, and others came out today that were leading and in some cases substantially, I guess. MSNBC came out or CNBC came out also with a poll that has us leading, and leading fairly big in swing states. In some polls I’m leading very big in swing states, because they want safety.

(17:02)
People want safety, they want security, they want respect all around the world for our country. They don’t want this horrible culture that is developing, a culture of no common sense. It’s really a culture of no common sense and it’s not what anyone wants. We want to have a safe country. We want to have a strong military. We want low interest rates and we want to be able to have the American dream. We want to be able to have our youth be able to buy homes, housing, get good jobs, and we’re really just at the opposite right now. It’s so sad to see.

(17:35)
But as a Border Czar, she’s been the worst Border Czar in history, in the the world history. I think the number is 20 million, but whether it’s 15 or 20, it’s numbers that nobody’s ever heard before. 20 million people came over the border during the Biden-Harris administration. 20 million people, and it could be very much higher than that. Nobody really knows what the number is. Nobody knows. Nobody has a clue. And the gotaways… They call them the gotaways. The gotaways are numbers… Somebody was quizzing me on it the other day, “No, no, I don’t think so, sir. I don’t think so.” They have no idea what those numbers are, but they’re much higher than you would think.

(18:16)
Just like far more people were killed in the Ukraine-Russia war than you ever report. Just like the October 7th would’ve never happened. Russia would’ve never hit Ukraine had the election result been called differently. It was a very bad call, but Russia would not have attacked Ukraine. October 7th and Israel would’ve never happened. You wouldn’t have inflation. A lot of great things would’ve happened, but now you have millions and millions of dead people and you have people dying financially because they can’t buy bacon, they can’t buy food, they can’t buy groceries, they can’t do anything, and they’re living horribly in our country right now.

(18:57)
With all of that being said, I think it’s very important to have debates and we’ve agreed with Fox on a date of September 4th. We’ve agreed with NBC, fairly full agreement subject to them on September 10th, and we’ve agreed with ABC on September 25th. So we have those three dates and those networks, they’re very anxiously awaiting that date and those dates. So we have September 4th, September 10th and September 25th. We have spoken to the heads of the network and it’s all been confirmed, other than some fairly minor details, audience, some location, which city would we put it into, but all things that will be settled very easily. I think it’ll be very easy.

(19:54)
The other side has to agree to the terms. They may or may not agree. I don’t know if they’re going to agree. She hasn’t done an interview. She can’t do an interview. She’s barely competent and she can’t do an interview. But I look forward to the debates because I think we have to set the record straight. Why is it that millions of people were allowed to come into our country from prisons, from jails, from mental institutions, insane asylums? Even insane… That’s a mental institution on steroids, that’s what it is. When you see the people that are coming into our… These are institutions that are being emptied out, not in South America… All over the world, including South America, all over the world prisons are being emptied out into our country because we have a president that’s the worst president in the history of our country.

(20:44)
We have a vice president who is the least admired, least respected and the worst vice president in the history of our country. The most unpopular vice president and because of political reasons or because of being politically correct, even though she never received a vote… Don’t forget, she was the first one defeated as I remember it because I watched it very closely, but she was the first one. She never made it to Iowa, the first state. She never made it to Iowa. She was the first one that was defeated. She was the nastiest to him. She was nasty with the calling him a racist and the school bus and all of the different things. She was very nasty to Biden and shockingly, he asked her to serve as vice president.

(21:31)
Well, I don’t know if he’s happy about that decision right now. This was taken away… The presidency was taken away from Joe Biden and I’m no Biden fan, but I’ll tell you what, from a constitutional standpoint, from any standpoint you look at, they took the presidency away, and people were saying he lost after the debate. He couldn’t win. Well, I don’t know that that’s true necessarily, but whether he could win or he couldn’t win, he had the right to run and they took it away. They said, “They’re going to use the 25th Amendment. They’re going to hit you hard. Either we could do it the nice…”

(22:02)
I know exactly, because I know a lot of people on the other side, believe it or not, and they said, “We’ll do it the nice way or we’ll do it the hard way,” and he said, “All right.” So they’ve really taken… What they’ve done is pretty incredible and now I’m running against somebody else and we’re leading. We’re leading, so I’m not complaining. I’m saying it’s for a country with a constitution that we cherish, we cherish this constitution, to have done it this way is pretty severe, pretty horrible. You would’ve thought they would’ve gone out to a vote, they would’ve had a primary system, they would’ve done something, but to just take it away from him like he was a child. And he’s a very angry man right now, I can tell you that. He’s not happy with Obama and he’s not happy with Nancy Pelosi, Crazy Nancy. She is crazy too. She’s not happy with any of the people that told him that you’ve got to leave. He’s very unhappy, very angry, and I think he also blames her.

(23:05)
He’s trying to put up a good face, but it’s a very bad thing in terms of a country when you do that. I’m not a fan of his as you probably have noticed, and he had a rough debate, but that doesn’t mean that you just take it away like that. Or you go out to a vote, you do something. He had 14 million votes, she had no votes. She got no votes, and I think she’s crashing. I think when people find out, and I think people are starting to find out what a bad job she did, what a bad job she did on the border.

(23:32)
She’s trying to say she had nothing to do with the border, she had everything… She was appointed to head the border and then they said, “Border Czar.” Oh, she loved that name. She loved that name, but she never went there. She went to a location once along the border, but that was a location that you would love to go and have dinner with your husband or whoever. That was a location that was not part of the problem. That was not really going to the border. So essentially, she never went to the border.

(23:59)
And if you listen to Tom Homan, if you listen to the great border people, Brandon Judd from Border Patrol, if you listen to Paul… I mean, so many different people, I speak to them all the time, and I did when I was president. We had the best border in the history of our country, now we have the worst border in the history of the world. Millions of people coming in and our country cannot sustain it. Our country is going down because of this, because of incompetent people. So I just look forward to these debates. I think it’s very important that we have them. I hope she agrees to them. September 4th, September 10th, September 25th, and I think they’ll be very revealing. I think they’ll be very revealing. Do you have any questions please?

