
Unfortunately, he was like that in Afghanistan. He was like that with Russia, Ukraine and he was like that on October 7th and the attack in Israel. He didn’t know what he was doing, but whatever else can be said about Crooked Joe Biden, you have to give him credit for one brilliant decision, probably the smartest decision he’s ever made. He picked Kamala Harris as his vice president. No, it was brilliant because it was an insurance policy. Maybe the best insurance policy I’ve ever seen, Marco. If Joe had picked someone even halfway competent, they would’ve bounced him from office years ago, but they can’t because she’s got to be their second choice. She has no choice and no chance.
(06:11)
As Vice President, Kamala Harris was given two jobs, two very important jobs actually. First, she was put in charge of the U.S border security and the border and she never showed up. She’s never gone. She never went there once and the border’s the worst border in the history of the world, not just in the number of years. We had the best border in history. She has the worst border in the history of the world and then she was sent to Europe to deter Russia from attacking Ukraine. How did that work out? Not too good. Both times the result was a deadly failure. Since Kamala was made border czar, the Biden-Harris administration has lost track of an estimated 150,000 children, many of whom have undoubtedly been raped, trafficked, killed or horribly abused. Think of it, 150,000 children are missing. Missing. They’re gone. Nobody knows where they are. Many are not with us any longer.
(07:18)
She’s 100% for the Green New Scam. Supports banning the sale of gas-powered cars. Who wants to drive an electric car for the rest of your life? Does anybody? You don’t want to drive for 45 minutes and then stop for three hours, is that what you… Once the American energy industry totally shut down, starting with Pennsylvania fracking and Texas drilling, no drilling in Texas, no fracking in Pennsylvania. We just got a poll from Pennsylvania, we’re 12 points up. That’s a lot. You got a poll from Texas we’re 16 points up and we have some great people from Texas here tonight.
(07:59)
As a senator, Kamala sided with socialist Bernie Sanders. He’s a real socialist. He’s serious, but not as bad as Biden turned out to be. Bernie is embarrassed by some of the things that Biden did because they push him around. It’s the ultra-far-left government takeover of the entire healthcare system and I don’t think Kamala Harris California socialism is going to go down well with the people of Doral, the people of Miami or the people of Florida because in Florida we don’t like socialism. We want our freedom, right? We want our freedom. We have a lot of people, Marco, from Cuba, from Venezuela, from all over and they don’t want to hear about socialism or communism. Thank you. Despite all the Democrat panic this week, the truth is it doesn’t matter who they nominate because we are going to beat any one of them in thundering landslides. This November is going to be amazing. It’s going to be the most important election in the history of our country because our country’s going down the tubes. That’s a nice way of saying our country’s not doing too well. We’ve never had anything like it. Our borders, our economy, the worst inflation ever. We have the politics on our side. We have the policies on our side that will make America great again and they don’t. They will only continue to destroy our nation. Our nation is being destroyed. Joe, Kamala and the entire Democrat establishment have been caught red-handed in the thick of the biggest scandal and the biggest cover-up, it’s cover-up, that’s what it is. I said it when they hid this guy in the basement and then they cheated on the election. It’s a cover-up. It’s the biggest cover-up in political history.
(10:02)
As you know, they are all co-conspirators in the sinister plot to defraud the American public about the cognitive abilities of the man in the Oval Office. Sometimes these days, he’s not there often. Laffin’ Kamala. L-A-F-F-I-N apostrophe. Laffin’. Laffin’ Kamala was in on it. Crazy Nancy Pelosi, who by the way, is also very cognitively impaired. Have you watched her lately? She’s not doing too well. She’s not doing too well. I think she’s worse than Joe, you want to know the truth. She was in on it. Crying Chuck Schumer. You ever see him cry? He cries. The phonyest crying I’ve ever seen. Crying Chuck Schumer was in on it. Every Democrat cabinet member was in on it. They all knew this guy was grossly incompetent and every Democrat in the house in the Senate was in on it. It was a scam. The American people can never trust this group of liars ever again. They’ve put our country at great risk and danger. That’s why we are going to sweep them all out of office this November. I believe it’ll be an election like no other, but the biggest problem for the radical left Democrats is that their candidates are very much, if you take a look, mentally deficient. Is that a nice statement? They are mentally deficient. I’m saying that because the other term is too tough.
(11:32)
The biggest problem is t